Exceptional work on finishing up this Power BI case study!
You've successfully learned end-to-end
report development for the end users and discovered some fascinating insights along the way.
You've designed and developed an interactive report that Sintec's executives can use to do the sales
analysis compared to their top competitors in the market and take the right actions out of their data.
Using this report, Sintec's executive team can now easily dive deeper
into their historical sales data and get advanced insights out of their data.
This will enable them to make more informed business decisions by not
only just getting the insights but also taking the actions at the right time.
Congratulations on completing the case study.
We've covered many topics across this case study from data integration,
transformation, modeling, exploratory data analysis, DAX calculation and visualization.
Keep on learning Power BI and you will uncover a lot more as you continue practicing.
You certainly did a commendable job.
Congratulations again on completing the case study!